Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610
Hello. my brothers.
Welcome to Marseille.
I have a feeling
they're right for the job.
I can spot fighters at first glance.
He set a meeting with us tomorrow.
I'm telling you. he wants us in.
We'll connect with them. get the
information Maher was supposed to bring.
and reach Khatib.
We have our two
best fighters
with a foothold
in a Hamas operation.
You want to give this up
just because you're scared of your boss?
I didn't send them
on this mission.
The damage is already done.
And what if I tell you
I know how to fix it?
If Maher was a Hamas fighter.
then I imagine that you.
Abu Zaher. and the other operatives.
aren't running a community center here.
I want to be part of this.
If you join.
it means that from now on.
there's no way back for you.
It's you.
Herzl Pinto. Israel.
What's certain is they've been tracking
your activity for a few months now.
Anyway. it's official now.
They're about to arrest you.
Leave tonight.
Who you're hearing here is Pierre Bruno
from French intelligence.
We have a bargaining chip to free Steve.
You know how to use it?
- What did you think?
Everyone. on the floor!
On the floor!
Get over there!
I don't want to kill you.
To the car. to the car. quick!
Here you go. - We won the lottery?
- First prize.
I want you to meet someone.
- Who is it?
Said al-Khatib. nice to meet you.
The honor is ours.
We need a big operation
and we're short on people like you.
Want to take part in the next attack
against the Zionist enemy?
Do me a favor.
keep this on you at all times.
so I know where you are.
Keep an eye on your friend.
because he's not a hundred percent.
Good to see you.
- Thanks.
Give me your keffiyeh.
What? - The scarf.
Give it to me.
Look. like this...
You'll be able to sleep better.
Here. rest your head.
Oh. yeah. - That good?
- Yeah. Thanks.
Bro. do you realize where we are?
On the way to Palestine.
Palestine will be freed.
What?
What? Nothing.
All these dreams about...
freeing Palestine.
Do you understand they're not realistic?
What do you mean?
You think the Israelis
will say "okay"
and just walk into the sea?
All the...
they'll take the...
the high-tech. and all the...
the nuclear weapons. and say
"Have a nice day. goodbye" and leave?
They'd better.
Otherwise...
Tough guy. Tough guy.
Why does it bother you that they're excited?
No...
It doesn't bother me. no.
You just need to understand.
what they're selling you in Europe.
that's not what will really happen.
Trust me. I know.
My grandfather is Algerian.
and he fought the French to the death.
And in the end. they won independence.
And God willing. inshallah.
the Palestinians will get their state too.
And the Jews.
they'll go back to the countries
they came from.
Like Algeria. - Enough. bro.
- No. - Stop. enough. yalla.
I'm very sorry.
This is a very sensitive subject for us.
we both lost family members
and friends there.
Right?
Turn off the engine!
What is this? - Turn off the engine!
Hands up.
Hands up!
Sir. there's a mistake here.
We're on the way to the camp.
Did I ask you where you're going?
Get down now!
Calm down. okay. okay. slowly.
It's okay. - Don't worry.
Let's get down. Don't worry. let's get down.
Calm down. calm down.
- Don't worry.
What is this?
What is this? What's happening there?
Call Yael. now.
Are these our soldiers?
Everyone get down.
Yalla. get down.
Faster.
Hurry up already!
All of you. down on your knees.
On your knees.
Kneel!
No talking!
Yalla!
Yalla. quick.
Yalla. everyone on the floor!
Search them.
Yalla. get them ready.
Yalla. quick.
Do you still have patience?
You know. French
bureaucracy...
has its own pace.
It's the same with us.
- Yeah.
I want to apologize again
for Mr. Bruno's behavior.
You know he was suspended from his post.
right? Since yesterday.
You don't need to apologize. Emma.
You're like me.
You put out fires.
Hello?
Did you talk to Naama?
Gabi. - I promised Doron.
He trusts me.
Can we talk about this in a bit?
No. no. no.
let me explain something to you.
I know you won't like this.
Doron and Eli have no trust in the system.
They trust only me. period.
Ayoub. you know very well...
- They're our soldiers in the field
and they need someone
they trust.
so tell Naama.
it's either I work with them
or they can say bye-bye
and go relax in a Turkish bath
in Istanbul.
Gabi. I have to go.
- Dana.
Dana.
Hello?
Dana. it's Sudri.
We have a serious problem.
They've been kidnapped. - Shit.
We have no idea who took them.
We need you here.
Here he is.
Sudri. I'll get back to you later.
Steve.
Are you okay? - What's going on here. Dana?
Where am I? What is this place?
Everything's fine.
We're going home.
Home? Where are Doron and Eli?
- Come. I'll update you on the way.
Dana. where are Doron and Eli? Where are they?
I want...
- I'll update you on the way.
Gabi? - Hey. Gali. how are you?
What happened? - Nothing happened.
So why are you calling me?
You don't just call me for no reason.
What about Doron? Where are you?
- I just landed from Marseille.
Doron's fine.
Then let me talk to him.
I want to hear him.
Gabi. what's going on?
Where's Doron?
Look. Gali. I can't
talk about this on an unsecured line.
I can only tell you
that Doron went out on an operation.
What? What operation?
He's not part of the system anymore.
Neither am I anymore.
That's why I'm calling you.
I don't understand.
I need your help so that...
we can help Doron come home.
Doron Kabilio and Eli Aharon
are our people
who managed to infiltrate the terror cell
led by Said al-Khatib.
It's an operation that started in Marseille.
Said and his men
basically set up an operation there
whose goal is recruiting
European operatives to act here.
A few days ago they left Marseille.
probably on their way to a training camp.
Since then we've had eyes on them.
Unfortunately. in the last few hours
there's a suspicion they've been kidnapped.
We're trying to figure out
who took them and where.
That's the update for now.
Gili. bring it up on my main screen.
These are the last signals
before they were kidnapped.
We scanned the area like you asked.
but we still haven't located them.
They've already crossed the border.
Everyone. we're entering emergency protocol.
Eyes on the maps.
9900. switch to documentation mode.
Send any suspicious movement for analysis.
Hagai. scan all the training
camps in the area.
Hezbollah. Tahrir al-Sham.
any place Hamas could operate in.
People. we're their backup.
We need to find them.
Ahlan. Amir.
My name is Captain Khaled.
from the Israeli army.
Before we start.
I want you to know
that we know much more
than you think.
So I suggest you tell me
everything you know.
Save yourself unnecessary pain and suffering.
Where are we?
A prison facility in the Golan Heights.
You're Israeli?
Yeah. sure.
Your accent is very clean.
I'm a Druze from Unit 504.
Gali. how are you?
Good to see you.
How are you?
How do you think?
I know you're worried.
but you should know that Doron
is completely focused and in control.
We're tracking them the whole time.
We know at every given moment
what's happening with them.
There are rescue forces
minutes away from them. okay?
And what matters is that they're doing
the right thing.
You sent him on this mission?
You asked him to?
Gabi and I.
- So why isn't he here?
Gabi? He's...
right now he's not part of the system.
Doron's not part of the system either.
Why did you bring him back?
Gali. you've known me
for enough years.
You know you can trust me.
right? - Trust you?
Tell me. do you even know what Doron
went through these past two years?
No. not really.
- Then come. I'll tell you.
One day I got a phone call.
something like three months
after that cursed day.
and on the other end was a Bedouin
who lived 20 kilometers from the farm.
He told me he found Doron
under some tree. collapsed.
So I flew over there.
Doron was covered all over in blood.
half unconscious.
He told me something about a horse
he had to kill
because its legs were broken.
That's the last thing he remembered.
He wandered around there for three days.
He didn't remember anything.
After that he slept for two days straight.
Every time I tried to get out of bed.
he'd hold my hand
so I wouldn't move.
And then. after about two days.
he got up and said that's it.
that he's had enough.
that he doesn't want to suffer anymore.
That's it. a few days after that
he finally agreed to go to therapy.
Now. hearing this.
do you still think he'll be okay?
Doron and Eli aren't kids. Gali.
and we're watching over them.
Like you watched over Hagit? - Okay.
- And Libi? - Gali. Gali. - And Ben? - Gali.
I don't trust you
and I know you're lying to my face.
including right now.
And forget about me.
they don't trust you either.
And in order to come home safely.
the minimum they need
is to feel safe.
So now I'm asking you.
why isn't Gabi here?
Because if there's one person
in this whole messed-up system
they can trust.
it's him.
not you.
Dana. you're needed urgently in the war room.
- I'm coming.
Dana. this is the camp we picked up on.
It was supposed to be abandoned.
but there's unusual activity there
in the last few hours.
They were kidnapped two kilometers
after they crossed the border into Syria.
You can see the kidnappers have M-16s
and familiar tactical uniforms.
But then they disappeared on us.
Based on the checks we ran.
we currently have no lead
that they're being held by our side.
What we did find: suspicious activity
in an abandoned Hezbollah camp.
I have a collaborator in the area
I can activate.
Okay. before we walk into
a real catastrophe.
I need answers. and fast.
Yalla.
Naama. can I have you
for a moment? - Yes.
I'm really asking
that you consider bringing Gabi back.
He'd come only as an advisor.
just for this operation.
Let's start with finding them. okay?
- We'll find them.
but when that happens.
I need him already here with me.
Look. I have a lot of respect for Gabi.
really.
but with all due re... - But because of
what happened in Brussels? - Exactly.
Believe me. if there's anyone
who should be angry at him. it's me.
But a lot of time has passed
and Gabi pulled himself together.
He's in the private sector.
he's a senior manager.
He went through full rehabilitation.
And let's also admit the truth.
he's the one who saved
this operation in the end.
Naama. we're the ones who recruited
the Nukhba operative
who murdered Eli's family.
Gabi's clean of that. - I don't need
you to remind me of that.
He's clean of that.
We have two people
who vanished off the face of the earth.
I'm lying to their families.
I need Ayoub's experience
here. now.
Let's bring him back.
We have to bring him back.
It'll bring quiet to the system.
You're quite the operator.
We're a delegation of French volunteers.
and we came here to visit
refugee camps in the area.
Which refugee camps?
We just arrived.
But the one near Kafr Issa.
I don't know of any camp in this
area.
Then do your homework.
Tell me.
do you recognize anyone among these people?
No.
- Look carefully.
No. I don't recognize them.
This is your friend. Abu Zaher.
"The Butcher."
I don't mean Abu Madhisha.
the butcher-shop owner.
They called him "The Butcher"
after what he did on October 7th.
I don't know any Abu Zaher.
Sir. I don't know him.
Men. women.
children...
Children. Ali. he slaughtered them.
He didn't leave anyone alive.
What do you think of this picture?
I don't understand how killing children
and women brings anyone honor.
I see the trauma in your eyes.
Ali. I swear to God.
you've gotten into something bigger than you.
Goddammit.
They must've changed the code or something.
- Do you have authorization?
Move. move. kid. Move.
Move.
Keep an eye on this for me.
Excuse me a second.
Ahlan wa sahlan. Captain Ayoub.
Dana. sweetie.
I missed you.
What's this? - It's the truck they were
riding in. Someone stopped them on the way.
In Syria?
We thought it was a mix-up with 504.
but they don't have them.
No. no. this is something
Abu Ibrahim used to do.
A captivity ordeal.
To expose traitors. supposedly.
They learned it from us. the dogs.
Let's hope they hold up to it.
If one of them breaks.
both of them are dead.
Amir. do you know why you were arrested?
No.
Look.
We caught you on the way to a Hamas
training camp in northern Syria.
From there you wanted to infiltrate Israel
and carry out a terror attack.
No. That's not true.
I told you.
it's a shame to waste our time.
I'm not Hamas.
I'm Fatah.
Man. I know exactly
what house you come from
and I also know who sent you here.
Said al-Khatib.
I don't know that name.
Tell me. what department are you from?
Why?
What do you know about us?
My name is Amir Mahajna
and I'm from Preventive Security. Check it.
Listen.
and this time listen to me well.
we're not Shin Bet.
we're military intelligence.
Right now you're in a military interrogation
and with us you have no rights or friends.
Here. either you talk
or you die.
Not even him?
No. I don't know him.
Tell me about him.
your husband.
What do you want to know?
About the connection between you.
his activity in Hamas.
There's no connection between us.
he's not active in Hamas
because he's buried in the ground.
you murdered him.
So is that why you came here?
To take revenge?
My husband founded a community center for
refugees. that's where we met. how we met.
and since he was murdered.
I've continued his path.
helping refugees.
Is this one of the activities
at the community center he founded?
You married a terrorist.
And after he was eliminated.
you decided to travel to Israel
to avenge his death.
My husband is not a murderer.
You're the murderers.
Now I'll ask you again.
If I talk.
will you release me?
Depends what you say.
Amir. in the end we'll find out.
so it's better that it comes from you.
We were on our way to an attack.
Where?
At the Nabi Shu'ayb compound.
Near Jerusalem.
Do you know this place?
- Yes.
Go on.
What's so funny to you?
You. habibi. you.
Me?
- Yes.
You said you're Druze?
The Nabi Shu'ayb compound
is the holiest place for the Druze.
It's near Tiberias.
not near Jerusalem.
You're fake and all of this is fake.
Amir!
- No Amir and no bullshit.
Bring the sheikh here.
Yalla!
Thank you.
It seems you have a lot of experience
with the Israeli Shin Bet people.
Too much.
Honorable Sheikh.
I understand you do this
with the Europeans.
but why with me and with Ali?
We had to do it.
but very quickly in the interrogation
you proved your worth.
And Ali?
How is he?
Sorry. I screwed up.
I didn't know it was you!
I'm so sorry.
I tried to help. I tried to help!
I promise. I tried to help!
No...
What do we do with him?
Get rid of him.
No. no. no! Why?
Shut up! - Let go of me! - Take him.
- Stop! Please. let go of me!
He spilled everything.
Names. addresses. and targets.
He even sold out his own mother.
And Ali?
Are you afraid he'll break?
What did you do in Syria?
What. Ali?
Shame.
Shame. Ali.
No.
no...
Shame. Ali.
Stop. you son of a bitch.
Stop.
Stop. no.
Sir. no. stop.
Stop. you son of a bitch.
Enough!
Ali.
What did you do in Syria?
What's your plan?
Fuck you.
Fuck you. fuck you!
Fuck you. you son of a bitch!
Stop. enough!
What are you doing. you idiots?
Out!
Khaled.
Calm down. Ali. calm down.
I'm sorry.
Why?
This isn't how we behave in our army.
We have honor and respect.
But you have to give me something. Ali.
I promise you.
Now you're with me.
I give you my word of honor.
I promise you.
No one will come near you.
You promise me?
I promise you.
Word of honor.
as you people say.
But you need to talk.
I'll talk.
I'm listening.
Talk.
I'm one of you.
One of us?
Meaning Israeli. right?
I'm a proud Palestinian.
- You dog...
I'm a proud Palestinian!
You dog. you bastard!
Bastard!
Anne.
Come on.
Come on. come with me.
How are you? Are you okay?
I'll be okay
only after I see this dog
hanging from a pole.
Did you say something?
You think?
"Israelis." yeah right.
I swear to you. I can smell their
shit from far away.
Enough. leave him alone.
We're done.
Soon we'll be home.
The widow surprised me.
Turns out she's much stronger
than I thought.
That Ali Masrawi.
I don't like him at all.
He thought you were an Israeli interrogator.
I'm sure he's hiding something.
Keep an eye on him
and if there's a problem. we'll find a solution.
My dear fighters.
I commend you for holding firm
in the harsh interrogation.
Be proud of yourselves.
because it's now official.
you're among the elite.
Tomorrow
we'll begin the training.
Independence Day from the Zionist enemy
is near.
All of this
with your brothers and sisters
who are waiting for you on the soil of Palestine.
We will lead the biggest operation
since "Al-Aqsa Flood."
Together we will strike them
all across Palestine
and our names will remain engraved
forever.
Allahu Akbar!
- Allahu Akbar!
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610